Note highlight (#120)
FACT-Finder/snage: changelog/104-style.md

---
issue: 104
type: change
audience: user
date: 2020-06-11
components:
  - config
---
# Add note styling

You can define note styling inside your config.

> `css` will be applied to the note if the query `on` evaluates to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`css` will be applied to all notes for which the query `on` evaluates to `true`.
```
